# TravelRestrictions

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.


Step 1: created components folder and created a crud component (just to have 2 so i could rearrange etc) had to fix a couple of imports after this - all good now and set up better to scale now

Step 2: import { HttpClientModule } in app.module.ts and add it to the imports

Step 3: create a "services" folder and then use angular CLI to generate a service "restriction"
3a- add imports for Injectable (decorator that marks a class as available to be provided and injected as a dependency), then Observable and HttpClient, HttpClientModule, and HttpHeaders

3b - change class name from Restriction to RestrictionService, remove the 2 autogenerated fields that appear to match the Restriction model (probs need to ask about this one), and adjust the constructor to accept parameter http: HttpClient

3c - create a method getRestrictions() http is erroring - playing around with
- changing Restriction to RestrictionService in restriction.ts
- adjusting imports after doing so
matching the travel-grid.component.ts file to one of the ones in the bike project

added some more imports to restriction.ts

filling some info out on restriction.service.ts to make it similar to bike service